Storj Labs Inc. Warrant Canary

Existing and proposed laws, especially as relate to the US Patriot Act, etc., provide for secret warrants,
searches and seizures of data, such as library records.

Some such laws provide for criminal penalties for revealing the warrant, search or seizure, disallowing the
disclosure of events that would materially affect the users of a service such as Storj Labs Inc.

Storj Labs Inc. and its principals and employees will in fact comply with such warrants and their provisions
for secrecy.

Storj Labs Inc. will also make available, monthly, a "warrant canary" in the form of a cryptographically signed
message containing the following:

- a declaration that, up to that point, no warrants have been served, nor have any searches or seizures
  taken place

- a cut and paste headline from a major news source, establishing date

Special note should be taken if these messages ever cease being updated, or are removed from this page.

The current message is here:

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256

As of 2/25/2016, Storj Labs Inc. has never received a National Security Letter, an order under the
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or any other classified request for user information. If we ever
receive such a request, we would seek to let the public know it existed.

(from https://www.washingtonpost.com)
- - 8 in 10 Hispanics have unfavorable view of Trump, poll says
- - Diplomatic war over migrants escalates in Europe
- - Republican governor bows out of Supreme Court consideration
- - Scalia spent his last hours with members of a secretive society of elite hunters
- - Astronomers pinpoint source of mysterious radio burst
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: Mailvelope v1.3.6
Comment: https://www.mailvelope.com

wsBcBAEBCAAQBQJWz2ZDCRDA5Ck6vGbuXAAAtgsH/1cArWUB7fw423TjoJFR
g+8WoOF+sneUl+BLs7muZRAgdRaxyBeT7t7eFnPn9IaPQ0NBdOqxrB/cneAY
C1qEIB4/+OYIyhv+snA+tzU5WFfSr1po1B5FXFxwGFcWYqUFJ9LVLk4Vqc4R
9rbdrt0Hu/VnEqaoVMtkxSSCTbb5bZYp+KqQN76Fp7mCgOybx+oDdfPjdPKF
87UJAP2j/c/Auat6siUfp5nDnAyKyUZmxsvk2BBQWNplhIl7opSbzH1F467u
gOgEwN7yX2k4QudanvXRZ82VkNr3Bv8+JnNisJYZwnWCK/2f+hmhF9YpVsHX
B7kkDwwKomVuw1c+aGs8dCk=
=OOH6
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----

This scheme is not infallible.  Although signing the declaration makes it impossible for a third party to produce
arbitrary declarations, it does not prevent them from using force to coerce Storj Labs Inc. to produce false
declarations. The news clip in the signed message serves to demonstrate that that update could not have been
created prior to that date.  It shows that a series of these updates were not created in advance and posted
on this page.
